Update Docker TLS setup instructions and troubleshooting (#19872)
opf/openproject: docs/development/development-environment/docker/README.md

It will take a couple of seconds to start, as there is a health check in the step container.

### Amend Docker services for local TLS

When running the local setup with TLS, some services in `docker-compose.yml` require additional
configuration so that `traefik` knows which requests to route.

You need to specify, for each service, the `traefik` labels that define its HTTP router.
An example configuration is provided in `docker/dev/tls/docker-compose.core-override.example.yml`.
Copy its contents into your own `docker-compose.override.yml` in the repository root, and adjust hostnames if necessary.

Ensure that both the `backend` and `frontend` services:

> - are attached to the same `networks`

Reviewer: Idea for clarity:

```suggestion
- are attached to the same `networks` as `traefik`
```

- have the appropriate `traefik` labels

Example:

```yaml
frontend:
  networks:
    - external
  labels:
    - "traefik.enable=true"
    - "traefik.http.routers.openproject-assets.rule=Host(`openproject-assets.local`)"
    - "traefik.http.routers.openproject-assets.entrypoints=websecure"

backend:
  networks:
    - external
  labels:
    - "traefik.enable=true"
    - "traefik.http.routers.openproject.rule=Host(`openproject.local`)"
    - "traefik.http.routers.openproject.entrypoints=websecure"

> ```

Reviewer 2: Are you sure you'd like to repeat labels setup here? We have it already in https://github.com/opf/openproject/blob/64eeec21049e7750be8d29bc40aca14bc7cd89dd/docker/dev/tls/docker-compose.core-override.example.yml. And the file mentioned above.
For me it seems like a duplication. If labels setup changes we have to make sure to adjust both places. I'd prefer one place.

Author: I can truncate the example, but I think it's worth having them here: before, the file was just mentioned in the docs, and it wasn't super clear that one should use it (For example, I accidentally missed this and couldn’t understand why TLS doesn't work)

Reviewer 2: I'd vote for truncating here and emphasizing that one should copy the example file and use it(later is already done by you). But if you're sure having duplication here worth it feel free to leave them be.

```shell

> docker compose up -d frontend

Reviewer 3: 🟡 you could remove that, as `frontend` as a service is now a dependency of `backend`, so starting backend will launch frontend, too

After amending the override file and the `.env`, ensure that you restart the stack.

```shell

> docker compose restart backend frontend

Reviewer: I think that this instruction is not correct. After changes to the `docker-compose.yml` (or its override) the containers need to be `up`ed again. A `restart` would take the existing container (that may not be connected to the correct network and may not be labeled correctly) and restart it. An `up` would check whether a container exists and if it does, whether the container matches the specification of the `docker-compose.yml`. If it exists and matches specification nothing happens. Otherwise, a correct container is started and old containers replaced.

(Bit long explanation, because there is no clear `up` is better than `restart` semantic or anything... they are both very different commands; restart restarts always, but does less... up restarts sometimes, but does more)

Author: Fair point, thank you 👍🏻  I'll update the docs

docker compose --project-directory docker/dev/tls up -d
```

#### Blank page on `openproject.local`

A blank page on `openproject.local`  can indicate that compilation is either in progress or has failed. To investigate, check the frontend container output:
```shell
docker compose logs frontend`
```
Sometimes compilation errors can occur due to broken node_modules state(for example after switching branches or partial installations). It can be resolved by removing node_modules and installing from scratch:
```shell
rm -rf frontend/node_modules/
docker compose run --rm frontend npm install
```

In this case, reinstall the frontend dependencies:

```shell
docker compose run --rm frontend npm install

> ```

Reviewer 3: 🟡 not sure I understand the intention here. Why do you repeat the `npm install` command twice? We could rephrase it like: 

It can be resolved by installing the node modules:

```shell
# If a clean install is needed, first remove `node_modules`
rm -rf frontend/node_modules
docker compose run --rm frontend npm install
```

docker compose --project-directory docker/dev/tls up -d
```

#### Blank page on `openproject.local`

If the setup completes but `openproject.local` displays a blank page, check the browser console for errors.

> A common cause is that the frontend assets were not built correctly.

Reviewer 2: I see blank page while assets are in building state. So, maybe it would make sense to mention to make sure first the assets compilation has been finished (checking frontend container output, for example). I mean, blank page is not a clear indicator that something is off. Maybe it is just a middle of compilation.

In this case, reinstall the frontend dependencies:

```shell
docker compose run --rm frontend npm install
```

Then restart both the frontend and backend services:
```shell

> docker compose restart backend frontend

Reviewer: Is it necessary to restart the backend as well in this case?

Author: It did work for me only when I restarted backend, but it could also be caching in the browser. I'll update docs

docker compose --project-directory docker/dev/tls up -d
```

#### Blank page on `openproject.local`

> If the setup completes but `openproject.local` displays a blank page, check the browser console for errors.
> A common cause is that the frontend assets were not built correctly.

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
A blank page on `openproject.local`  can indicate that compilation is either in progress or has failed. To investigate, check the frontend container output:
```shell
docker compose logs frontend`
```
Sometimes compilation errors can occur due to broken node_modules state(for example after switching branches or partial installations). It can be resolved by removing node_modules and installing from scratch:
```shell
rm -rf frontend/node_modules/
docker compose run --rm frontend npm install
```
